[Music]
you look fantastic you always look
healthy you know you look like you were
out having fun just before you get the
places it seems to me were you out
having fun today if you weren't it's
fine it's okay weather congratulations I
mean you just had your one-year
anniversary of your you guys and correct
me if I have anything wrong because I
know people pry into your life but you
guys got married a year ago and moved in
together like a month ago yes now why
was that it's usually it goes the other
way well true mm-hmm um I think really
because we have we each have two teenage
children whom we love very much but we
were just trying to be mindful and give
them a little space and not move too
quickly and I see so you did then merge
like the Brady Bunch what with less less
merging and more originally but now
we're merged okay and did he get to keep
any of his stuff or is it all your stuff
because I would imagine your stuff is
better than his stuff or anyone stuck
really yeah there's he got to keep some
of us he did oh that's not actually
really he's good taste that's really
nice clothes and we put some chairs from
his house in there would that be a
deal-breaker if you walked in and he had
like lawn chairs in the place and
inflatable furniture maybe a like a Bud
Light sign hanging over the bed yes that
would be interesting because you have is
it now
have you reached the point where acting
is less interesting to you than these
this business endeavor that you're
involved with I just love my company and
I love the people I work with and I love
what we're doing and it's very I think I
mean acting is fantastic in its way but
I don't I feel you I have a bit more
autonomy running a business right right
Oh doctor you're not the boss right I
mean definitely not no yeah
by the way speaking of the reason I
asked this question is because you were
on jon favreau show the Shep show he has
a show and he has chefs on and he has
celebrities on if you're on the show and
he was speaking to you about a scene you
did together in spider-man homecoming
and he's you were unaware that you had
been in spider-man homecoming which by
the way you were in spider-man
homecoming
how did that happen now I know that yeah
now you know this but I just got
confused I there's so many of these
wonderful Marvel interconnecting movies
and I thought that we had I thought that
it was an Avengers movie but it was it
was I see yeah okay was spider-man
himself offended by this was he okay
with it I never actually saw the movie
oh you didn't see them it's okay if you
did and it's it's spider-man you're good
if palm-tree you shouldn't be watching
spider in it would upset people if you
have you ever read a comic book I don't
know if you got that when you came I
want to ask you about some you know I
signed up for goop like the day it
started right yeah I know I love you
thank you thank you I feel like I'm one
of the key pieces far as goop goes but I
have some items I'd like to ask you
about okay this is a product that I
believe this is on your holiday
suggestion gift list this is the martini
bath soap yes can you drink this I know
but it's so heaven like you have it's a
hard day or people are giving you a hard
time and you run a hot bath and you suck
smell it is like yeah it smells really
good and this is something though that I
might get confused and I might actually
have a sip of because it does say
martini on it
yeah it is in quotes but
well bring it back the reason actually
that it's called the martini is because
in the movie business when you're on the
very last shot of the day they call that
shot the martini ah gotcha okay that
makes sense all right so this is oh this
is a vibrator and it's it's a great name
smile makers and it's the tennis coach
yes
Mawile makers is a brand of vibrators
that we saw we believe in women's sexual
health and fulfillment to calm and that
one's the tennis coach I think they also
make the fireman and the millionaire oh
okay also you think of your tennis coach
and why this why does the tennis coach
look a little bit like Bart Simpson or
at least I don't know let's open it up
and see what it looks like let's open it
up and try it out
yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh no it doesn't
look like a tennis coach at all maybe I
know but it's the it's not quite the
right color but yeah it is it's friendly
looking that's for sure this is
something that like the kids would get a
hold up and be like that's my tennis
coach this is a this is a water bottle
yep
when what's the rock in there so this is
an amethyst mm-hmm and obviously we're
all trying to stop single-use plastics
right so yes good to have a water bottle
that you can use and they say that
amethyst I think it's supposed to be a
heart opening or something who says this
I don't know but the thing is the
amethyst is taking up a lot of the room
in the water bottle right I mean they'd
better have some kind of magic
properties I get that and this is made
out of glass isn't it yes yeah that's a
big care that's actually dangerous this
was on one of your gift guides I think
two years ago oh yes this is real this
really is camel milk
so yeah the idea came for wheat we
actually did an article once about hash
tag all milk mm-hmm
there's a lot of alternative milk yeah
some of them aren't really milked like
something like almond milk is not milk
they're not right squeezing the arm and
the lady almonds and getting there
you know but this is really from camel
apparently it's really from camel are
you gonna try that well I'm
yes I have
I don't know what it is I find milk to
be revolting and it's like cold form
okay what I am gonna try it would you
like to try some have you have and and
what is this like a healthy I wonder I
think they're they purport to have put
that's more vitamin they'll give you our
hump that would be a good marketing
thing all right
smells a little camel II yeah doesn't
smell bad cheers salud there you go all
right it's not bad
terrible yeah I feel there's like a goat
goat camel a goat enos in there I've
never had Go Go
hmm yeah no yeah this is good this is
good to know in a pinch if I'm in the
desert all right we're gonna finish
these and then we're gonna take a break
when the Paltrow is here with us we'll
be right back
why this dream because I'm compelled
like
like when they give you an answer on a
math test and it's your job to work your
way backwards until you find the problem
I don't know what I'll find when I get
there but I know this is my only pass
was I make you cry because I love you so
much but I know I'm gonna do whatever it
takes to help you get what you want
[Music]
and I'm sad for the person that's gonna
turn me into that is going to the
Cointreau that's good that's good acting
yeah it's a good show and your husband
wrote this character for you correct
that's my husband and his writing
partner Ian wrote did he tell you
beforehand he was gonna write a
character for you he he was writing it
and then he would sort of come you know
be like Oh first it started with it he
was I was inspiring the part and by the
end he was like you have to do this yeah
and had you read the script before or
you just trusted him that he'd written
this for you when they really asked me
to do it then I read it and did he stand
like behind you while you're reading it
doing like one of those deals like what
do you think you know no you know he was
Steve's chill about you would you feel
very uncomfortable saying no I you know
and I just don't I don't think I want to
do it well you know to be honest like I
really was I'm you know I I'm really
focused on my day job at goop and it's
hard to sort of sneak away and do acting
parts and but I did you know I loved him
a lot and he wanted me to do it and so
he wrote me back in huh it was really
fun I really I enjoyed it yeah well the
show is like you know people it's like a
big hit I think right I mean you never
know what Netflix how do you know do
they tell you they don't I don't think
they tell you I think that's part of
their a mystique you know when something
oh that you you've done or worked really
well I think you can tell I mean I think
anecdotally get messages and stuff I
think you can tell when people are
enjoying something you'll get like text
messages and stuff like that yeah oh
interesting yeah don't you yes that is
true well you get text messages if some
people like something and then sometimes
you just get no text message when it's
radio silence you're like oh I just Bob
yeah it's weird cuz it doesn't occur to
you until you start thinking back to the
last day you're like oh boy you know
what nobody mentioned anything about
what I just did
but even my mother didn't say anything
about it you I know you know our chef
our chef but the our next guest chef
Evan funky very well fig you just did an
event with him I did why I had the
pleasure of interviewing him at the 92nd
Street Y in New York for his book so you
guys are I would assume tight then I
mean I want to be really tight with him
right yeah I think I think I'm making
progress
well if you like we can work on your
tightness and he's gonna come and make
some pasta
would you like to remain and help okay
great what is Paltrow was here her show
was the politician
we're gonna cook with chef Devin the
funky I am Jimmy Kimmel click below to
subscribe to our YouTube channel or if
you want to be that way about it though